Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to speak about comments in XlV B A.
So you can actually write some comments on your code.
And these comments are just notes for yourself,
and these lines will not be executed.
So to write a comment,
you just need to put a single quote and then start writing whatever you want to write,
and then it's gonna get a green color,
as you can see here,
and this is a common so any green line will not be executed because it's just a common.
You will find me putting comments on the code because it's a good programing practice to
put comments on the code because this enables other people who had read your code to
understand it easier.
And also you will see me sometimes use them to comment some lines of code in order not to
be executed.
So this is just a quick overview about Commons in XlV.
Be a thank you very much watching this video,
and I'll see you on the next one